Great. You now know how to model the dynamics for a vehicle.
One last thing before we move on, actuator constraints.
In a real vehicle, actuators are limited by
the design of the vehicle in fundamental physics.
For example, a vehicle can't have a steering angle of 90 degrees. It's impossible.
Thus, it doesn't make sense for us to even consider these kinds of inputs.
There's actually a vocabulary for describing this constraint.
We call this model nonholonomic,
because the vehicle can't move in arbitrary directions.
It's limited by its steering angle constraints.
We can solve this by setting lower and upper bounds for the actuators.
For example, we may set the steering angle to be between minus 30 and 30 degrees,
and the acceleration to be between minus one and one.
Minus one signifying full brake,
and one signifying full acceleration.
In practice, the upper and lower bounds
should mimic the actual vehicle as closely as possible.